Creates the ZD Target Docs. (#29)
triggermesh/docs: docs/targets/zendesk.md

> # Event target for Zendesk

Reviewer: Please ensure consistent capitalizations.  Each word should be capitalized _except_ for prepositions.

Reviewer 2: For my own culture, why would we capitalize words that are not proper nouns? I rarely see that kind of casing. For example, you'll not see that in the AWS docs, or Zendesk docs, Microsoft docs, or any other docs I could think of.

If that's really a rule we want to stick to we should create a ticket to update all other docs pages as well.

Reviewer: I'm reading this as a title, and thus under the MLA/AP style definition of titles: https://style.mla.org/capitalization-of-titles/

In this case, I'd expect `Event Target for Zendesk`

Reviewer 2: OK thanks for the explanation. Created #33

> This event target recieves [CloudEvents][ce] and interfaces with Zendesk by either creating a new Ticket or placing a new Tag on a Ticket depending on the CloudEvent type.

Reviewer: May want to ensure that the tag is applied to a pre-existing ticket.

> This event target recieves [CloudEvents][ce] and interfaces with Zendesk by either creating a new Ticket or placing a new Tag on a Ticket depending on the CloudEvent type.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This event target receives [CloudEvents][ce] and uses the Zendesk API to either create a new ticket or tag an existing one.
```

## Prerequisite: API token

> A Zendesk API key is required to utilize this target. The steps to obtain a key are outlined in the [Zendesk API Docs](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/226022787-Generating-a-new-API-token-)

Reviewer: May want to ensure whether your are using key or token, that you are consistent.  Or remove `API token` from the section header.

> ## Deploying an instance of the Target

Reviewer: Please ensure consistent capitalizations.  Each word should be capitalized _except_ for prepositions.

> ## Deploying an instance of the Target

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Deploying an Instance of the Target
```

Open the Bridge creation screen and add a target of type `Zendesk`.

![Adding a Zendesk target](../images/zendesk-target/create-bridge-1.png)

> In the Target creation form, give a name to the event Target and add the following information:

Reviewer: How about, "In the Target creation form, provide a name to the event Target, and add the following information"

* **Email**: Email address associated with the Zendesk account.
* [**Subdomain**][zd-subdom]: Name of the Zendesk subdomain, without the `zendesk.com` domain or `https://` scheme.
* [**Token**][zd-token]: Reference to a [TriggerMesh secret][tm-secret] containing an API token to communicate with the Zendesk API, as described in the previous section.

> * **Subject**: An optional default subject assignment for new tickets

Reviewer: You may want to highlight what the default subject would be if one is not provided.

![Zendesk target form](../images/zendesk-target/create-bridge-2.png)

> After clicking the `Save` button, you will be taken back to the Bridge editor. Proceed to adding the remaining

Reviewer: Replace `to` with `by`.  Also, could you rephrase to remove `you`?

Reviewer 2: Can/should we really get around addressing the user directly in such doc? Other docs use that style, and I fail to see why this would be wrong.

Reviewer: For technical documentation, have been taught to use the 3rd person in order to remove the perception of bias and also remove a sense of familiarity.

Reviewer 2: Created #34

components to the Bridge, then submit it.

![Bridge overview](../images/zendesk-target/create-bridge-3.png)

A ready status on the main _Bridges_ page indicates that the Zendesk event target was
successfully created and is ready to forward events into Zendesk.

![Bridge status](../images/bridge-status-green.png)

> ## Event types

Reviewer: This should be `Event Types`

> ## Event types

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Event Types
```

> A Zendesk Target will ONLY accept [CloudEvents][ce] with a "Type" of either `com.zendesk.ticket.create` OR `com.zendesk.tag.create`

Reviewer 2: Let's make that a list, since we will accept more sooner or later.
```suggestion
The Zendesk event target  can consume events of the following types:

* `com.zendesk.ticket.create`
* `com.zendesk.tag.create`
```

> * Event's of type `com.zendesk.ticket.create` Expect both a `subject` and `body` to be preset.

Reviewer: Events of type...

Reviewer: Also, `Expect` should be `expect`

> * Event's of type `com.zendesk.ticket.create` Expect both a `subject` and `body` to be preset.

Reviewer 2: Plural of event is events, not event's.

> * Event's of type `com.zendesk.ticket.create` Expect both a `subject` and `body` to be preset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Events of type `com.zendesk.ticket.create` expect both a `subject` and `body` to be set.
```

>   - **Example of type : `com.zendesk.ticket.create`**

Reviewer: Do like that you are providing an example for each type.

>   - **Example of type : `com.zendesk.ticket.create`**

Reviewer 2: Bold is for emphasis, but this is not emphasis. I think what you're looking for is a subtitle here (`###`).
```suggestion
### Example of type `com.zendesk.ticket.create`
```

    ```sh

>     curl -v https://zendesktarget-triggermesh-zendesk.jnlasersolutions.dev.munu.io  \

Reviewer 2: IMO those docs are not a good place for throwing `curl` commands. If you want examples, please only post an example of payload, for example what `event-display` prints when it receives an event. Remember, those docs are for our users, not for developers.

Author: got it! I removed curl in favor of a property chart and included an example response of the `com.zendesk.ticket.create` event. Please let me know if the formatting is acceptable.

    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Ce-Specversion: 1.0" \
    -H "Ce-Type: com.zendesk.ticket.create" \
    -H "Ce-Source: some.origin/intance" \
    -H "Ce-Id: 536808d3-88be-4077-9d7a-a3f162705f79" \
    -d '{"subject": "Hello", "body" : "World"}'
    ```

> * Event's of type `com.zendesk.tag.create` Expect both a `id` and `tag` to be preset.

Reviewer 2: Plural of event is events, not event's.

> * Event's of type `com.zendesk.tag.create` Expect both a `id` and `tag` to be preset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Events of type `com.zendesk.tag.create` expect both a `id` and `tag` to be set.
```

>   - **Example of type : `com.zendesk.tag.create`**

Reviewer 2: Bold is for emphasis, but this is not emphasis. I think what you're looking for is a subtitle here (`###`).
```suggestion
### Example of type `com.zendesk.tag.create`
```

    ```sh

>     curl -v https://zendesktarget-triggermesh-zendesk.jnlasersolutions.dev.munu.io  \

Reviewer 2: IMO those docs are not a good place for throwing `curl` commands. If you want examples, please only post an example of payload, for example what `event-display` prints when it receives an event. Remember, those docs are for our users, not for developers.

    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Ce-Specversion: 1.0" \
    -H "Ce-Type: com.zendesk.tag.create" \
    -H "Ce-Source: some.origin/intance" \
    -H "Ce-Id: 536808d3-88be-4077-9d7a-a3f162705f79" \
    -d '{"id":81 , "tag":"triggermesh"}'

>     ```

Reviewer: Since the target returns an event, you should document what the response looks like so the user could potentially create an additional trigger/target to act on it.

Author: It only returns an ACK response but no data. -> https://github.com/triggermesh/knative-targets/blob/a20c39fb57814ba059d9b14a239f8bd0c0ea9856/zendesk/pkg/adapter/adapter.go#L180

```Host: zendesktarget-zendesktarget3.jeffthenaef.dev.munu.io
> User-Agent: curl/7.64.1
> Accept: */*
> Content-Type: application/json
> Ce-Specversion: 1.0
> Ce-Type: com.zendesk.tag.create
> Ce-Source: some.origin/intance
> Ce-Id: 536808d3-88be-4077-9d7a-a3f162705f79
> Content-Length: 30
> 
* We are completely uploaded and fine
* Connection state changed (MAX_CONCURRENT_STREAMS == 2147483647)!
< HTTP/2 500 
< content-length: 0
< date: Wed, 05 Aug 2020 20:00:56 GMT
< x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 2
< server: istio-envoy
< 
* Connection #0 to host zendesktarget-zendesktarget3.jeffthenaef.dev.munu.io left intact
* Closing connection 0

# Event Target for Zendesk

> This event Target recieves [CloudEvents][ce] and interfaces with Zendesk by either creating a ticket or assigning a [tag][zd-tag] on a pre-existing ticket depending on the CloudEvent type.

Reviewer 2: Typo

## Prerequisites

A Zendesk API token is required to utilize this Target. The steps to obtain a token are outlined in the [Zendesk API Docs](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/226022787-Generating-a-new-API-token-)

## Deploying an Instance of the Target

Open the Bridge creation screen and add a Target of type `Zendesk`.

![Adding a Zendesk Target](../images/zendesk-target/create-bridge-1.png)

In the Target creation form, provide a name to the event Target, and add the following information:

> * **Default Ticket Subject**: An optional ticket subject fallback if one is not provided in an incoming event

Reviewer 2: Need a dot at the end of the sentence.

* **Zendesk Subdomain**: Name of the Zendesk [Subdomain][zd-subdom], without the `zendesk.com` domain or `https://` scheme.
* **Zendesk Email**: Email address associated with the Zendesk account.
* **Zendesk API Token**: Reference to a [TriggerMesh secret][tm-secret] containing a [token][zd-token] to communicate with the Zendesk API, as described in the previous section.

> * **Subject**: An optional default ticket subject assignment

Reviewer 2: 1. Missing dot.
2. I think this is a duplicate, you have two subject fields?

Author: yes it is!! sorry about that fixed!

![Zendesk Target form](../images/zendesk-target/create-bridge-2.png)

After clicking the `Save` button, the console will self-navigate to the Bridge editor. Proceed by adding the remaining components to the Bridge.

![Bridge overview](../images/zendesk-target/create-bridge-3.png)

After submitting the bridge, and allowing some configuration time, a green check mark on the main _Bridges_ page indicates that the bridge with a Zendesk event Target was successfully created.

![Bridge status](../images/bridge-status-green.png)

For more information about using Zendesk, please refer to the [Zendesk documentation][docs].

## Event Types

A Zendesk event Target accepts the following [CloudEvent][ce] types:

### com.zendesk.ticket.create

> Events of this type intened to create a new Zendesk ticket.

Reviewer 2: Typo

This type expects a [JSON][ce-jsonformat] payload with the following properties:
| Name  |  Type |  Comment |
|---|---|---|
| **subject**| string  |  The value of the subject field for this ticket |
|  **body** |  string | The value of the body field for this ticket  |

### com.zendesk.tag.create

> Events of this type intened to assign a [tag][zd-tag] to a pre-existing Zendesk ticket.

Reviewer 2: Typo

Author: 😢 got it thank you

This type expects a [JSON][ce-jsonformat] payload with the following properties:
| Name  |  Type |  Comment |
|---|---|---|
| **id** | int64 | The value of the id field for the ticket to be updated |
| **tag** | string | The value of the tag to assign to this ticket |

[ce]: https://cloudevents.io/
[ce-jsonformat]: https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/json-format.md
[tm-secret]:https://docs.triggermesh.io/guides/secrets/

[docs]: https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api

[zd-token]: https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/226022787-Generating-a-new-API-token-
[zd-Target]: https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203662136-Notifying-external-targets

> [zd-trigger]: https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203662226-Triggers-resources

Reviewer 2: Unused.

# Event Target for Zendesk

This event target receives [CloudEvents][ce] and uses the Zendesk API to either create a new ticket or tag an existing one.

## Prerequisites

A Zendesk API token is required to utilize this Target. The steps to obtain a token are outlined in the [Zendesk API Docs](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/226022787-Generating-a-new-API-token-)

## Deploying an Instance of the Target

> Open the Bridge creation screen and add a Target of type `Zendesk`.

Reviewer 2: @cab105 following your logic, this sentence is wrong because it uses the 2nd person. Mixing 3rd and 2ns persons should really be avoided.

Reviewer: You are correct in that the mixing of personas should be avoided, and I take it you are referencing the implicit `you` in this case?

Reviewer 2: Yes, initiative would fall in the 2nd person right? Which means, if we rephrased other parts of the docs specifically to avoid the 2nd person, we should also get rid of all imperatives, correct?

Reviewer 3: honestly, imperative and/or 2nd person is just fine.  How can we drive this to a merge so that we can also move on to the other 3 PRs and merge the frontend forms :)

Reviewer 3: ?

Reviewer 2: It's approved already isn't it?

Reviewer: If we wanted to scrub the implicit `you` in this case, then rephrasing it as "Begin by opening the bridge..."

However, given some of the comments left in the other PRs regarding the blending or allowing 2nd person I think we've established that we're okay with it. What I'd ask for is that we're consistent throughout.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, same here, consistent is the only thing I care about.

Reviewer 3: ok, so let's use the 2nd person or imperative sentence consistenly. Do we agree ?

Reviewer: Think the grammar police would agree.

## Event Types

A Zendesk event Target accepts the following [CloudEvent][ce] types:

### com.zendesk.ticket.create

Events of this type intened to create a new Zendesk ticket.

This type expects a [JSON][ce-jsonformat] payload with the following properties:
| Name  |  Type |  Comment |
|---|---|---|
| **subject**| string  |  The value of the subject field for this ticket |
|  **body** |  string | The value of the body field for this ticket  |

### com.zendesk.tag.create

Events of this type intened to assign a [tag][zd-tag] to a pre-existing Zendesk ticket.

This type expects a [JSON][ce-jsonformat] payload with the following properties:
| Name  |  Type |  Comment |
|---|---|---|
| **id** | int64 | The value of the id field for the ticket to be updated |
| **tag** | string | The value of the tag to assign to this ticket |

[ce]: https://cloudevents.io/
[ce-jsonformat]: https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/json-format.md
[tm-secret]:https://docs.triggermesh.io/guides/secrets/

[docs]: https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api

[zd-token]: https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/226022787-Generating-a-new-API-token-

> [zd-Target]: https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203662136-Notifying-external-targets

Author: sorry this one and the other was copy-pasta from the source docs :)
